[DEVX-1109] Add installation steps for Powershell/Windows (#552)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/testrunner-toolkit/installation.md

## Installing `saucectl`

> `saucectl` binaries are attached to Github releases.<br />
> You can find the one matching you platform here: https://github.com/saucelabs/saucectl/releases/latest
> 
> You will find now, some common way to install `saucectl`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`saucectl` binaries are attached to [Github releases](https://github.com/saucelabs/saucectl/releases/latest).

Following is a list of `saucectl` installation options that are common across different development environments:
```
